# Sidney-Powell-Telegram-to-Twitter-Dataset
This dataset corresponds to the Digital Forensic Research Lab article "Despite Sidney Powell Twitter ban, Twitter users amplify messages from Telegram." Read it here: https://medium.com/dfrlab/despite-sidney-powell-twitter-ban-twitter-users-amplify-messages-from-telegram-44d3ddcd4c43

The raw Telegram channel data for the month of January was downloaded as a JSON and processed in Python. All columns are from the raw Telegram data except the last column, "Type and Twitter Count," which was created using Telegram messages and Twitter data. 

The type in "Type and Twitter Count" refers to messages that were links or photos, which were not included in this analysis. Telegram messages that were text but did not include unique text -- for example, a Bible quote, or a very short, common phrase -- were excluded from this analysis. In the column, these are the rows that are labeled "Photo," "Link," or "Not unique enough." 

Telegram messages that consisted of unique text were queried on Twitter using Meltwater Explore, and the number in "Type and Twitter Count" is the number of times there were tweets or retweets of that message. Since Twitter limits tweets to 280 characters, Telegram messages that were longer were shortened to 200 characters, and just those 200 characters were searched. (When limiting a Telegram message to 200 words cut off halfway through a word, the message was rounded down to the nearest full word.) This was done to capture the fact that many of the Twitter messages also state that the message was from Sidney Powell, or include some other comment. In some instances -- particularly with the longer Telegram messages -- the Twitter count is likely slightly undercounting the number of tweets with that Telegram message, because tweets could have sliced long Telegram messages in different ways. 
